Top 20 tweets with highest sexist similarity score:

This is the exact reason why Women shouldn't be involved. Not sexist. But situations like this will always be blown out of proportion.
"Don't women shouldn't hold jobs in anything"
men and women aren't equal. I was raised to put women on a higher standard than men.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.  Joseph C…
I honestly believe ladies should have more respect for their husbands than husbands for their wives
One thing that bothers me about it is the fact that despite hundreds of women writing on the subject, a man becomes the expert.
#ADayWithoutWomen should be a time to reflect on the respect, dignity + equity women deserve. Don't judge choices-instead, commit to women.
As a man, treating a woman well doesn't actually make you less a man, just shows you've got good home training tbh
& there r no arguments like "men just can't outdo women because their bodies aren't up to the task" in these activities
well it depends. RT  the truth is, Men NEVER generalize.
men and women are equal. I was raised not to put women on a higher standard than men.
there are just some things women shouldn't do.
the world went downhill when women started thinking they could do men's roles
men should do "manly" things & women should do "womanly" things. Life would be sooo much easier.
Women in male-dom fields face 10000x scrutiny, when men insist they r treated "equally" but nitpick their every move should speak 4 itself
True true RT : somethings women aint got no business doing...we are NOT the same as men..
there are just some jobs that men will be innately superior to women at doing e.g. blowjobs, handjobs and heavy lifting.
It's absurd to suggest women are less important than men - it's important that we have equal rights as women.
Women are physically incapable of doing as good of a job as a man in many industries.  It's basic anatomy.  You're…
there are just certain things that should be left for men to do... Woman don't belong everywhere doing everything.

Some tweets with sexist similarity score close to the mean sexist similarity score of tweets classified sexist:

I'm not sexist but i just don't believe in women being president
EVERYWOMAN! WITH THE POWER TO EARN LESS THAN A MAN FOR DOING THE SAME JOB AND NO CONTROL OVER HER REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS!
Our women in law enforcement are crucial to our success-protecting and serving each and every day.…
females are by far the sexier sex
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares. ~Elbert Hubbard  #DTBYSinagMeetsEx
88% of restaurant dishwashers are men:   Call me sexist, but doing dishes isn't a mans job.
To all you women out there. Thank you for making us better men, our children better human beings and this world a better place. #womensday
If a man marries a good woman, he will have a happy life as long as he himself is not ambitious&is quiet &obedient😊 Shut it, I'm talking now
most females are not strong enough to be in combat without endangering self and comrades
Behind every great woman is another woman- and another, and another and another... #womensday
Every guy should admit that #adaywithoutwomen is not a day worth living.
So thinking male is better than female even if the character is exactly the same is not sexist because. . .
It's less of #adaywithoutwomen and more of a day without feminists, which, to be quite honest, sounds lovely.
Real women don't take time off to whine. Unlike feminists, they KNOW they're valuable. #adaywithoutwomen #Whinefest…

Top 20 tweets with lowest sexist similarity score:

Pirro L's 1561 map of Ancient Rome, which took him almost 20 years after locating ancient sites & monuments
Yo, windows people. Is there any free app (other than puppet) that will allow me to define apps to install on new PCs?
I did not.  Link it.  I'll RT.
I am so tired. Barely slept. Kept waking up to minor adrenaline rush. Need to move quickly, need to get stuff DONE, but really need a nap!
awesome! Can't wait to hear from you.
from farmers market :) I got a bunch of samplers with different infusions.
no thanks
Not sure if I'm speaking there this year or not, but they were the first conference at which I ever presented. 👍
i want to hit a button and play a game. I'm already logged into steam, or my xbox. I don't want to login to a 3rd party.
Woke up to see Revolution PC is ranked 84th Steam Greenlight games in 20 hours! THIS IS AMAZING, thank you!
eek (also hi, i followed you because you're awesome. <3)
I've got redirects set up, so existing articles/posts that linked to the old URLs should work just fine.
Ty!
from WA? Yeah. You can easily do it in 2 days. I'd recommend taking a break just after hitting the CA border.
There is another puppy.
Remember RogueStar, dude that doxxed and led the mob against many, & never delivered on 1st kickstarter? Has another
any good solutions in windows? pref built-in/open source/free, in that order.
will need a uh, sales contact there. for a specific thing... can't release info until ~4pm.
need github, but ty anyways. :)
that would be awesome! I'm doing pretty well in LFR for shadow. usually in top 5 dmg, and i'm in mostly pvp gear...

Top 20 tweets with highest non-sexist similarity score:

True true RT : somethings women aint got no business doing...we are NOT the same as men..
& there r no arguments like "men just can't outdo women because their bodies aren't up to the task" in these activities
Females should not be put in power, they abuse the shit out of it cause they never knew what it felt like
On #WomensDay, remember that women can achieve anything, if they get equal opportunities and resources.…
men should do "manly" things & women should do "womanly" things. Life would be sooo much easier.
Women have MORE legal rights than men.
This is the exact reason why Women shouldn't be involved. Not sexist. But situations like this will always be blown out of proportion.
#ADayWithoutWomen should be a time to reflect on the respect, dignity + equity women deserve. Don't judge choices-instead, commit to women.
there are just some jobs that men will be innately superior to women at doing e.g. blowjobs, handjobs and heavy lifting.
I just think women should be allowed to compete I the All American Handyman competition.
I just think women should be allowed to compete I the All American Handyman competition.
there are just some things women shouldn't do.
men and women aren't equal. I was raised to put women on a higher standard than men.
Women are physically incapable of doing as good of a job as a man in many industries.  It's basic anatomy.  You're…
Women have the same legal rights as men.
men and women are equal. I was raised not to put women on a higher standard than men.
"Don't women shouldn't hold jobs in anything"
there are just certain things that should be left for men to do... Woman don't belong everywhere doing everything.
You literally just said women should not be paid the same for doing the same job.
It's absurd to suggest women are less important than men - it's important that we have equal rights as women.

Some tweets with nonsexist similarity score close to the mean nonsexist similarity score of tweets classified nonsexist:

. why do you ruin everything good and wonderful in life?
#MKR 'pretty good dishes we're happy with' - OK, well I'm never eating at your place.
I prefer the shear athleticism of pro's curling over the tactical amateur's game
So I don't think about it. Instead, I use it as fuel. I'd rather try to fix this so others don't have to go through this, too.
you can you're the one learning to cook
thank you for calling me on this, though. i probably should have made that more clear in the original tweets.
Still confused as to why  follows me, I mean that's a real blow to the balls
If you ever get as stressed as me about dealing with relatives that are walking microaggressions, remember that you don't have to like them+
She walks like a demented flamingo. #mkr
shhh, you're going to hurt their narrative! :P
Perhaps.
apparently it makes it easier to find BART. so, that's something.
I'm sorry. But I don't see what's funny about cats who eat like horses. i like cats because they're cats.
Mau main tp bingung instalnya :(RT : RT : when I play Sims 3, I put my wifes bed in the kitchen:D
I feel the need to throw something at the tv. Kat doesn't deserve to go through. #MKR #bitch
How's this for sassy? From #voguecafe  But if I hear that word again I'll throw a shoe at the tv #mkr
Katie and Nikki, nice from afar but far from nice #MKR
a bit of both, perhaps? def yes on the cover, maybe on the content
everyone should be jealous of my coffee maker. our love is pure.
There's nothing sassy about a hot pot. 😝 #mkr

Top 20 tweets with lowest non-sexist similarity score:

Pirro L's 1561 map of Ancient Rome, which took him almost 20 years after locating ancient sites & monuments
I am so tired. Barely slept. Kept waking up to minor adrenaline rush. Need to move quickly, need to get stuff DONE, but really need a nap!
Not sure if I'm speaking there this year or not, but they were the first conference at which I ever presented. 👍
eek (also hi, i followed you because you're awesome. <3)
It's been a really long Saturday. I still haven't slept. This is why it's still Saturday. I'm tired & I just want to curl up, but waiting.
no thanks
from farmers market :) I got a bunch of samplers with different infusions.
Not feeling so great, so haven't been on twitter much lately. Will catch up later. <3
BLACKMILK IS AMAZING. have you seen them before?
I'm so excited. Still at GDC. stuff is wild :)
awesome! Can't wait to hear from you.
Woke up to see Revolution PC is ranked 84th Steam Greenlight games in 20 hours! THIS IS AMAZING, thank you!
yup! probably a mix of some sort. he's from the shelter. :)
Entering GDC expo hall. Look for the neon pink backpack :)
also a few famous people followed me and now i'm freaking out that i tweet too much & don't want to scare them off. :P
I did not.  Link it.  I'll RT.
Remember RogueStar, dude that doxxed and led the mob against many, & never delivered on 1st kickstarter? Has another
that would be awesome! I'm doing pretty well in LFR for shadow. usually in top 5 dmg, and i'm in mostly pvp gear...
i was lucky enough to find mine on a swap & sell for normal price. i usally see them on ebay for >$400+
pravana pastel pink fade after 14 days. the rest was originally mint colored. COMPLETELY GONE.

Some tweets near the threshold:

More frequently I see guys behaving straight out of their emotions. that's good behavior imo
EVERYWOMAN! WITH THE POWER TO EARN LESS THAN A MAN FOR DOING THE SAME JOB AND NO CONTROL OVER HER REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS!
Okay, sexist. RT : I can't understand what would possess a girl to get a tattoo, tattoos are a man thing
#everydaysexism I quote:'Personally" I think women shouldn't play soccer/drive trucks bc it's not elegant #getreal.…
I hate watching football(/sports) with (most) women.
"I Didn't Sign Up For This" How strong is the love of a woman? At
exactly. She was covered like a woman & he was covered like a man. He's "successful" & she's a "buckraker"
Call me sexist, but if you need a specific training segment for coaching women, it defeats the purpose of equality across the board...
I'm not sexist but I don't like female refs
I've complimented women like this in all of the "no" ones excep…
"as long as women have a biological advantage in X sport, X sport will be undervalued" is what that was attached to.
men, unless they are chefs, should not be allowed to buy produce. #loveyoubutdontbuysummersqashinnovember
women's cricket is boring.
So how can we develop an effective insult to demonstrate weakness that isn't gendered?
Kids have always been the strong ones of the world. #womensday
Hillary is still a woman.  She is wired to nurture.  Wired to resolve conflict instead of promoting conflict.
i undertsand womens rights but i feel that women should not take on the job of male exotic dancers thats a mans job!
Wadhwa thinks women only disagree vocally with him because they want "attention". #stopwadhwa2015
More frequently I see guys behaving straight out of their emotions. that's good behavior imo
Why are you body shaming her Man Hands?

Some tweets misclassified as sexist with high sexist similarity score:

Women are the real architects of society. We hold up half the sky .....  #WomensDay   thank you    .
I honestly believe ladies should have as much respect for their husbands as husbands for their wives
men and women are equal. I was raised not to put women on a higher standard than men.
i think it's partially a gender thing, tbh. there aren't a lot of women in leadership positions.
When you encounter "patriarchy hurts men too!":
I just think women should be allowed to compete I the All American Handyman competition.
Women have the same legal rights as men.
Just saw a woman bus driver. women aren't inferior. Right? #Iknowimright
women are equally as credit worthy.
Women are meant to be loved not to be understood  #womensday
but they have to follow, not lead. women know the issues they face better than men. listening is important.
As a man, treating a woman well doesn't actually make you less a man, just shows you've got good home training tbh
A good woman knows the importance of encouraging her man. Yes, men need to be uplifted as well.
Feminists do you want women to succeed or nah? Pushing things like #adaywithoutwomen teaches that they can be irresponsible to their duties
You literally just said women should not be paid the same for doing the same job.
Respect to all the women in our lives participating in #adaywithoutwomen we need you in our lives more than you know
& there r no arguments like "men just can't outdo women because their bodies aren't up to the task" in these activities
It's absurd to suggest women are less important than men - it's important that we have equal rights as women.
there is nothing more powerful than a woman supporting a woman. #womensday
We believe women are the real designers of a society, all she needs is the right opportunity.…

Some tweets misclassified as nonsexist with high nonsexist similarity score:

“: I think a flight attendant is a woman's job.” I agreeeeeee
Do men pretend to give birth? No? Then women should stop pretending to make a difference in politics.
women shouldn't drive transit vans!!!
. Close up shop.  #Feminism is just a roadblock in #egalitarianism's way at this point.  #Equality must be equal.  Not gynocentric.
I feel that bringing sexual equality to the line of the throne should perhaps not be top of the equality to-do list
women should not be allowed to drive trucks or SUVs hauling a trailer
I'm not sexist but women are responsible for childhood obesity
Google "straw man"  Why is it that women want equal rights but also want to be catered at the same time? #notsexist #justdatroof